# SDLC
Final
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user needs is the base, understanding the issue at hand and finding an eloquent way of solving the user needs or issues. It is easy to say, “I will create a solution to your problem”, however this in practice is not always the case. Continuous communication through the project cycle and feedback based on incremental deliverables will keep the project on track and meet the needs of the user. By creating the user stories the project is broken down into actionable work and keeps alignment on the end goal. This maintains value and delivers a project or solution directly in line with the user’s needs.
How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
A holistic approach to developing programs starts with clearly defined requirements and turns them into actionable completable items that can be iteratively refined to meet the needs of end customer. In my future work I would like to include Agile processes such as kanban and scrum. These processes focus on continuous improvement, communication, and planning. With an iterative flow and sprints this allows the development to be flexible and adaptive to customers’ ever-changing needs. 
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member means practicing clear communication, accountability, and collaboration. Working effectively in a team involves sharing knowledge, supporting each other, and focusing on the collective success of the project. A great team is made up of individual contributors who work together to solve problems, provide constructive feedback, and communicate openly about challenges. Ultimately, a strong team environment fosters innovation, continuous learning, and high-quality results 
